XLS-82 MPT DEX Integration (#3537)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/references/protocol/transactions/types/ammclawback.md

Claw back tokens from a holder who has deposited your issued tokens into an AMM pool.

Clawback is disabled by default:

> - **For Trust Line Tokens:** You must send an [AccountSet transaction][] to enable the **Allow Trust Line Clawback** setting. An issuer with any existing tokens cannot enable clawback. You can only enable **Allow Trust Line Clawback** if you have a completely empty owner directory, meaning you must do so before you set up any trust lines, offers, escrows, payment channels, checks, or signer lists. After you enable clawback, it cannot be reverted: the account permanently gains the ability to claw back issued assets on trust lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **For trust line tokens:** You must send an [AccountSet transaction][] to enable the **Allow Trust Line Clawback** setting. An issuer with any existing tokens cannot enable clawback. You can only enable **Allow Trust Line Clawback** if you have a completely empty owner directory, meaning you must do so before you set up any trust lines, offers, escrows, payment channels, checks, or signer lists. After you enable clawback, it cannot be reverted: the account permanently gains the ability to claw back issued assets on trust lines.
```

| Error Code         | Description |
|:-------------------|:------------|
| `tecAMM_BALANCE`   | The `Holder` doesn't hold any LP tokens from the AMM pool. |

> | `tecNO_PERMISSION` | One of the following might have occurred:<ul><li>For Trust Line Tokens: the issuer account doesn't have the **Allow Trust Line Clawback** flag enabled.</li><li>For MPTs: the MPT issuance doesn't have the **Can Clawback** flag enabled, or the issuer in the MPT issuance doesn't match the `Account` field.</li><li>The `tfClawTwoAssets` flag is enabled but you didn't issue both assets in the AMM.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: It's a little easier to understand with a high-level summary first. Also, I think it makes sense to separate "you're not the issuer" from "the issuer doesn't have clawback enabled" cases.

```suggestion
| `tecNO_PERMISSION` | The sender does not have permission to claw back the requested asset or assets. This includes the following cases:<ul><li>For trust line tokens: the issuer account doesn't have the **Allow Trust Line Clawback** flag enabled.</li><li>For MPTs: the MPT issuance doesn't have the **Can Clawback** flag enabled.</li><li>The sender of the transaction is not the issuer of the token to be clawed back.</li><li>The `tfClawTwoAssets` flag is enabled, but the sender is not the issuer of both assets in the AMM.</li></ul> |
```
